Many people enjoy video games for what they are, but others see little purpose in them and see them as a waste of time.
This is because there is very little real-world benefit in playing video games. In most cases the greatest award you can
achieve is bragging rights. My idea is to raise the stakes. The player pays a certain amount of money to play each game
and has the opportunity to win real world items from playing this game. This game would be a first person shooter where 
100 people fight to the death over virtual items and whoever ends up with the items at the end of the match receives a real
world version of that item.

A game with real world items at stake would build a much larger and broader player base as it would attract multiple
different types of player:
•	People playing for fun
•	People playing for the prizes
•	People playing for the rush of having real-world money and prizes at stake
Having real world prizes would increase chances of people getting addicted thus opening corridors for huge profitability.
Players who win prizes would almost definitely be return customers as they have received real-world benefits from playing.
If the balance is achieved between cost of playing and the value and frequency of winning prizes, other customers who did 
not win a prize would likely return too for another opportunity to win, especially after they hear about other players getting
prizes delivered directly to their door.

This game will be designed in a way that will maximise profitability whilst still ensuring players return to play again. 
Below is a rough pricing model that would likely achieve this:
•	Cost to play: $5
•	Cost to revive in-game: $2
•	Cost to buy cosmetic upgrades for virtual player: $10-$25
Prize pool:
•	10 prizes valued at $10
•	5 prizes valued at $50
•	1 prize valued at $150
As an example, if the game has 100 players who each revive once in-game, revenue would be $700. Subtract the $500 prize pool
and that leaves $200 profit from a single game. With this model, the worst possible case is a break even If no players choose
to revive. 13% of players will leave the game with a prize.

There will be a feature that allows players to buy upgrades for their character. These upgrades will be purely cosmetic. 
By not giving players who buy upgrades any advantage in-game, it ensures fairness and increases likelihood of return customers
who do not want to spend the extra money buying upgrades. There will also be a maximum of 3 revives in game so as not to
discourage players who are not willing to spend as much money as others. This will also ensure the game will not last too 
long as this will discourage players, leaving only the hardcore players to battle it out.

If a player wins an item in game, they can choose to either take the item, which will get delivered to them and standard
shipping rates will be charged to them, or they can choose to redeem their items for cash that is deposited directly into 
their accounts. The value that the items can be redeemed for will be less than the wholesale prices of these items thus
increasing profitability. Preferably items will be bought at wholesale prices and then valued at higher prices to the players,
at the recommended retail price. This will make players feel as though they are getting more bang for their buck as well as
leaving a substantial profit margin which will increase earnings.

There will be a feature that will allow players to link up with friends to play matches together. This will increase length
of session time for players as they will want to keep playing with their friends thus increasing profit. A social media 
connection will also be made that allows players to share to platforms (such as Facebook) the prizes they have won in game. 
This will help to increase public awareness of the game and thus increase the player base.

At the beginning of each game the total prize pool value and the items that are up for grabs will be displayed to the 
players. This will increase excitement levels and give players a rush that makes them more likely to revive in-game as they
know what is at stake. This will significantly increase profits. Attractive graphics will also be displayed on this opening
page to grab players attention.

Players will have the opportunity to level up to higher ranks by earning experience points in-game. This will give players a 
sense of achievement as they have something to work towards when playing for long periods of time. Some cosmetic upgrades 
will be unlocked as the player progresses through ranks as a reward. The player will also have on display a badge depending
on rank so other players know their rank.

This game will not be an easy one to set up. There are many aspects that will need to work together to be successful. 
The game will run on unity as this is a widely used tool that is compatible with many different platforms and has multiplayer
capabilities. Unity servers will only support multiplayer games of up to 20 players so server infrastructure will have to
be put in place to assist multiplayer functionality. A payment gateway such as ‘Razorpay’ will also need to be put in place
to receive and send payments to players. Warehouse space will be needed for storage of prize items and several people will
need to be employed to pick and ship these items.

Multiple skills are required for the set up and maintenance of this game in many different disciplines. Knowledge of server
operation and networking is necessary to maintain servers for multiplayer functionality. A very in-depth knowledge of Unity
and Unity add-ons is vital for a successful game to be created. Knowledge of code optimisation is also important, especially
for the mobile version of the game to ensure a fluid, high framerate game. Knowledge of animation and graphic design is
another important skill that will be required to produce an aesthetically pleasing game. Knowledge of marketing techniques 
is also required to ensure the player-base is constantly expanding.

If this project is successful, there will be benefits to multiple different types of people. Players will have a fun, 
competitive, high-stakes game to play which will be a source of entertainment for them. Winners will receive prizes ranging
in value from $10 to $150 which will make them feel satisfied and happy. The creators of the game will make huge profits 
after the game is produced. As long as people are playing the game, money will be made. Overall, this game could potentially
benefit a wide range of people in different ways.

